-----------------------  CSS  --------------------------
Never use width 100vw;

first all goto https://cdnjs.com/
Second is goto libraries nav bar
Third is click font awesome 
last is copy the first link

1. background-image
none: (Default) No image is used.
url("path/to/image"): Links to a specific image file.
linear-gradient() / radial-gradient(): Creates a smooth transition between colors instead of an image. 

2. background-size
auto: (Default) Image keeps its original width and height.
cover: Scales image to completely fill the container (may crop edges).
contain: Scales image to fit inside the container (won't crop, but may leave empty space).
Length/Percentage: Specific values like 200px 100px or 50% 100%. 

3. background-clip (Where background is painted) 
border-box: (Default) Background extends to the outer edge of the border.
padding-box: Background extends to the outer edge of the padding (stops before the border).
content-box: Background is painted only within the content area.
text: (Experimental) Background is clipped to the foreground text. 

4. background-position
Keywords: top, bottom, left, right, center.
Combinations: top right, center center, left 20px bottom 10px.
Percentage/Length: 0% 0% (Default), 50% 50%, 10px 20px. 

5. background-repeat
repeat: (Default) Image tiles both horizontally and vertically.
repeat-x: Image tiles only horizontally.
repeat-y: Image tiles only vertically.
no-repeat: Image appears only once.
space: Tiles image without cropping; extra space is added between images.
round: Tiles image and stretches it to ensure no gaps or cropping. 

6. background-origin (Where image positioning starts)
padding-box: (Default) Positioning starts from the inner edge of the border.
border-box: Positioning starts from the very outer edge of the border.
content-box: Positioning starts from the edge of the content area. 

Global CSS Values
These can be used for any property:
initial: Resets the property to its default value.
inherit: Takes the value from the parent element.
unset: Resets to inherit if it's an inherited property, otherwise to initial

Aakash, CSS Grid is a 2D layout system (rows and columns). Here are the essential properties and values for the Container (Parent) and Items (Children):
1. Grid Container Properties (The Parent)
display: Defines the element as a grid.
Values: grid, inline-grid.
grid-template-columns / grid-template-rows: Defines the size of columns/rows.
Values: px, %, fr (fractional unit), repeat(), minmax(), auto.
gap (or column-gap, row-gap): Sets the space between cells.
Values: px, rem, %.
justify-items: Aligns items horizontally inside their cell.
Values: start, end, center, stretch (default).
align-items: Aligns items vertically inside their cell.
Values: start, end, center, stretch.
justify-content: Aligns the entire grid inside the container (horizontal).
Values: start, end, center, space-between, space-around, space-evenly.
align-content: Aligns the entire grid inside the container (vertical).
Values: Same as justify-content.

2. Grid Item Properties (The Children)
grid-column / grid-row: Determines where an item starts and ends.
Values: start-line / end-line (e.g., 1 / 3), span [number].
justify-self: Overrides justify-items for a single item.
Values: start, end, center, stretch.
align-self: Overrides align-items for a single item.
Values: start, end, center, stretch.

3. Key Value: fr (The Fraction Unit)
1fr: Takes up 1 part of the available free space. It is the most powerful value in Grid because it handles resizing automatically.


In CSS Grid and Flexbox, place-items: center; is a shorthand property that centers elements both horizontally and vertically at the same time.
It combines two properties into one line:
align-items: Controls vertical alignment (top to bottom).
justify-items: Controls horizontal alignment (left to right).
3. Values
center: Perfectly centers the item.
start: Aligns items to the top-left of their cell.
end: Aligns items to the bottom-right of their cell.
stretch (Default): Stretches the item to fill the entire cell.
Why use it?
It is the fastest and cleanest way to center a div or an icon inside a container without using margins or positioning.

Problem: Function turant execute ho raha tha (Click ka wait nahi kar raha tha)
Galti (Incorrect):
dbBtn.addEventListener('click', addclickVAlue())
Kyun? Parentheses () lagane se function page load hote hi turant chal jata hai.
Solution: 2 Sahi Tarike
Option 1: Sirf Function ka Naam (Direct Reference)
dbBtn.addEventListener('click', addclickVAlue)
Best for: Jab function mein koi extra data (arguments) nahi bhejna ho. Browser click hone par ise khud call karega.
Option 2: Arrow Function (Wrapper)
dbBtn.addEventListener('click', () => addclickVAlue())
Best for: Jab function ke andar koi value pass karni ho (e.g., addclickVAlue(data)). Ye ek "be-naam" function hai jo click hone par hi andar wale code ko chalata hai.

Jab aap variable ko bahar let se declare karte ho, toh woh Global Scope mein chala jata hai.
Memory: Ek box banta hai jisme shuru mein undefined hota hai.
First Function: Jab ye function chalta hai, toh woh usi global box ki value ko update (initialize) kar deta hai.
Second Function: Jab doosra function use access karta hai, toh use updated value milti hai kyunki pehle function ne memory mein value badal di thi.
Main Point: Value undefined se update tabhi hoti hai jab pehla function execute ho chuka ho.

Agar aapne var ka use kiya hai, toh summary bilkul same rahegi, bas ek technical farq hota hai jise Hoisting kehte hain:
Global Scope: var se declare karne par variable poore script ke liye available ho jata hai (Global).
Initial State: Jab tak pehla function nahi chalta, usme undefined hi rehta hai.
Update: Pehla function execute hote hi woh global memory mein value ko overwrite kar deta hai.
Access: Doosra function usi updated value ko read karta hai.
let aur var mein bada farq:
var ko aap ek hi naam se baar-baar declare kar sakte ho (var x = 1; var x = 2;), lekin let mein aisa karne par error aayega.
Short Rule: Agar Function A ne value di hai aur Function B ne use baad mein read kiya hai, toh var ho ya let, dono mein updated value hi dikhegi.